README.md, before:

# OpenSpace WebGUI Module

## Develop

First, go get [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)!

```sh
# install dependencies
npm install
# run development app
npm start
# open gui
open http://localhost:8080
```

### Components

There are several useful and reusable components to make it easier for you as the developer. Most of 
these general-purpose components are in [`src/comoponents/common`](src/components/common). To see
some of them, [Storybook](https://github.com/storybooks/storybook) is a useful tool. It allows you
to see them and try them out. When you are developing common-use components, please add stories for 
them. 

#### Using Storybook

To start storybook, run 

```sh
npm run storybook
open http://localhost:9001
``` 

in your favourite terminal. This will start Storybook and open it up in your browser.

To add stories, add a file called `WhateverYourComponentNameIs.story.jsx`. It will get picked up by
Storybook. The `.story.jsx` ending is the important part of the file name, as this is what the 
Storybook config is looking for. See the [Storybook documentation](https://storybook.js.org/basics/introduction/) 
for instructions on how to build stories. 

Using Storybook, you will help 

* your fellow developers understand how a component may be used, and
* yourself in writing a clear, friendly API for your components.

Please try and declare every special case in your stories, as that will further improve the 
usefulness of the tool.

### Types

This is something you hear quite often:

> MEH! JavaScript is the worst, there's no types or anything. Boo!! <br> - *Some developers*

It is not true. JavaScript has lots of types, but they might be a bit scary for the developers who's into strict typing.

To make this a bit easier for y'all, this web app has support for types using the Flow system. In some files, you might see a comment looking like 

```js
// @flow
```

This tells our transpiler Babel (that makes our modern JavaScript readable for all browsers) that this file should be type checked! 
A type declaration looks like

```js
function stringReturner(a: string, bMightBeAnything): string {
  //                     ^^^^^^^^                   ^^^^^^^^
  // The interesting parts of this code snippet is higlighted above 
}
```

For more about Flow, check out https://flow.org

Commit message:

Feature/multiple endpoints (#8)
* Proxy settings to enable dev server to run alongside prod + support multiple endpoints

* Cleanup

* Update public path

* Change notification about dev mode

* Update README.md

* Restructure readme

* Fix restructure mistake

README.md, after:

# OpenSpace WebGUI Module

## Develop

First, go get [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)!

```sh
# install dependencies
npm install
# run development app
npm start
# open gui
open http://localhost:4690
```

To run the development version of the gui inside OpenSpace, go to `data/assets/customization/gui.asset` and change the dev flag to true.

### Components

There are several useful and reusable components to make it easier for you as the developer. Most of
these general-purpose components are in [`src/comoponents/common`](src/components/common).

### Types

This is something you hear quite often:

> MEH! JavaScript is the worst, there's no types or anything. Boo!! <br> - *Some developers*

It is not true. JavaScript has lots of types, but they might be a bit scary for the developers who's into strict typing.

To make this a bit easier for y'all, this web app has support for types using the Flow system. In some files, you might see a comment looking like 

```js
// @flow
```

This tells our transpiler Babel (that makes our modern JavaScript readable for all browsers) that this file should be type checked! 
A type declaration looks like

```js
function stringReturner(a: string, bMightBeAnything): string {
  //                     ^^^^^^^^                   ^^^^^^^^
  // The interesting parts of this code snippet is higlighted above 
}
```

For more about Flow, check out https://flow.org

## Deploy

When pushed to master, a github hook will be triggered to build the gui.
In the main OpenSpace repository, go to `data/assets/util/webgui.asset` and change the commit hash to the latest one. Make sure to test it in production mode before pushing the update to OpenSpace master, i.e. change the dev flag to false in  `data/assets/customization/gui.asset`. The production gui is served at http://localhost:4680.
